# RedShift User Manual

In order to use RedShift, you must first launch RedShiftServer.java on the computer that you wish to host the server on. To do this, make sure that the program is compiled by running "javac RedShiftServer.java", then launch the server by running "java RedShiftServer". The server will be hosted on the machine's local IP, which will be displayed when the server is booting up. The server will optionally take two CLI arguments, \<PORT\> and \<PASSWORD\> respectively. The port argument specifies a port to run on other than the default of 25565. The password argument specifies a password for the server, requiring clients to provide the correct password before joining any channels. When the server is ready, launch the client application by running "python3 RedShift.py \<IP\> \<PORT\>". Any number of clients may connect to the server. The client will display a GUI that manages your interaction with the server. When you first connect, you will either be prompted for a username or the server password. Simply type the information in the text box at the bottom and click submit or hit enter. When you have finally joined the channel, you will see messages from every user that is connected. When you are finished, close out the GUI to terminate the program. To stop the server, you must press Ctrl+C in the terminal that it is currently running in. In the future, I plan to expand the program greatly, starting with separate channels and user commands to interact with the server, such as "/join <Channel>" or "/kick <User>". Eventually, I plan for this to evolve into a custom personal alternative to TeamSpeak, which my friends and I use frequently. **There is a running server that is hosted on AWS. To access, use the address www.sanguinary.org as the IP parameter and 25565 for the port when running RedShift.py.**
